Okay so a little bit about my background. I grew up in a small town in rural Indiana in the middle of a corn field. My town is called Brookston Indiana and for reference my zip was 47923. My town had less than a thousand people I went to high school with fifty five zero fifty kids in my grade and less than 200 kids in my entire seventh through twelfth grade building. My town had one stoplight on the corner on one corner where all the local businesses were at. For more reference my parents owned a Ford dealership in town right there on the corner. And so it was you know I was a big part of the community however big or small that it was. And so I did learn you know how to be around businesses but also I learned that in a small town like that especially a car dealership you have to treat every single person the way they want to be treated. There is no you know big town, big city car dealer that you think of when people say car dealership. It was all word of mouth and you had to absolutely draw in people from outside of town if you wanted to keep your business. And so Again that goes on word of mouth and how you treat people. And so that's something that my parents really distilled into me. I grew up working ever since I was a kid I grew up washing cars on the lot. I also work the shop and worked with the mechanics. I as I grew up older I got into sales a little bit and so I learned the sales side of things My mom was head of finance there and she did all the payroll and taxes. And so I learned that side of things. And my dad was, you know, your typical owner and he ran the business. They also had a used car lot that was right outside of town. And I worked that growing up as a kid and, you know, in through high school and college. And so the point is, is I do know what it takes to treat local businesses the way that they should be treated. And I'm not coming from some big town or big fancy tech that I grew that out of San Francisco or New York City. I did I went to Purdue University, which is 20 minutes away from Brixton. So I stayed local and graduated from Purdue with industrial engineering degree. And then from there, I did move around. I went to I lived in Chicago suburbs for a little bit and worked for Sears before they went out of business. I lived in Charlotte, North Carolina, and then I came to Texas and I lived in Austin for five years and worked at Apple. And then after apple I moved to Houston and I currently I don't know if you know how we should price shouldn't advertise this but i mean i currently still work remote for a company called anchor. And so it another tech company and i'm a demand planner right now but i'm also leading anchors North America AI automation team. And I currently handle all of the training courses for the team. I have taken on the last 14 months my own responsibility to learn AI on my own. And literally the last 14 months every waking moment has been learning AI due to the fact that I work remote when I am working even for anchor there isn't a moment that I don't have YouTube tutorials on in the background that I sit there and listen to. I listen to podcasts on AI. I keep up to date. I learn best practices. And so I'm a nerdy hillbilly, if you want to put it that way. I know what it is to get dirt dirty and muddy, get my hands dirty, but I also was fortunate enough to have parents that wanted me to have an education. And so I got good grades and had a good degree. And now I have some work experience. I'm 37. And so I've been in the working force for 15 years and I want to make a change and start my own business with AI automation. And so that's what has brought me here now.